generate and use version catalogs with gradle init (#26587)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

Check the [version catalog API](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/VersionCatalog.html) for all supported methods.

<a name="build-init"></a>
### Build Init improvements

#### Build Init utilizing version Catalogs

> The [build init plugin](userguide/build_init_plugin.html) now generates projects utilizing version catalogs using the conventional location `gradle/libs.versions.toml`. 

Reviewer: 💅 
```suggestion
The [build init plugin](userguide/build_init_plugin.html) now generates projects utilizing version catalogs in the conventional location `gradle/libs.versions.toml`. 
```

> The [build init plugin](userguide/build_init_plugin.html) now generates projects utilizing version catalogs using the conventional location `gradle/libs.versions.toml`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Version catalogs are the recommended way to centrally define dependency modules, plugins and their versions.

The [build init plugin](userguide/build_init_plugin.html) now generates projects utilizing version catalogs in the conventional location `gradle/libs.versions.toml`. 
```

> Check the relevant part of the [user manual](userguide/platforms.html#sub:central-declaration-of-dependencies) and the [version catalog TOML file format](userguide/platforms.html#sub::toml-dependencies-format) for more information on the topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This was done to encourage version catalog usage since it became a stable feature in Gradle 8.0.

Refer to the [user manual](userguide/platforms.html#sub:central-declaration-of-dependencies) and the [TOML file format](userguide/platforms.html#sub::toml-dependencies-format) for information on the topic.
```

Check the [version catalog API](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/VersionCatalog.html) for all supported methods.

<a name="build-init"></a>
### Build Init improvements

#### Build Init utilizing version Catalogs
Version catalogs are the recommended way to centrally define dependency modules, plugins and their versions.

> The [build init plugin](userguide/build_init_plugin.html) now generates projects utilizing version catalogs in the conventional location `gradle/libs.versions.toml`.

Reviewer 3: 💭 It really feels to me like there should be an opt-out for this.  I imagine many people aren't familiar with Version Catalogs, and when quickly generating new/test projects might not appreciate being forced to use it.

Reviewer: The goal if for people to get used to version catalogs.
